There's an expression I
like, it's called,

"loyal to the soil".

I am whispering different
things in people's ears.

All I gotta do is decide
who my next victim is.

I'm less smiling as acid.

Previously on, Survivor.

My heart is racing.

Oh my god, I got it.

Survivor f*ck it Liz.

Nobody knows that Caroline, myself
and Gabe are in an alliance.

We're gonna be a force to be
reckoned with.

So it's a matter of time before
he strikes me or I strike him.

I love Gabe to death, but it's
every man for himself right now.

It's going to be you, me and
Sue is the prime for me.

Gabe is a close alliance member of mine.

But things are opening up now.

He has played a better game than me.

I'm in the middle.

Targeting Gabe means targeting Sue.

I'm trusting you.

And betraying her trust and potentially destroying our alliance.


third member of our jury.

Gabe.

The tribe has spoken.

We got it.

We're doing this bro.

I know that was hard.

Voting with us.

Good.

I know.

It's tough and sorry.

I know he was your buddy.

It's tough to watch
something you love go.

It's gotten me kind of in an emotional funk right now of the fact that Gabe went home.

And that I played part in that because
I really enjoyed Gabe as a person.

You'll be good.

Yeah.

But Gabe's threat level has been
climbing along with mine.

So I have to draw a line
in the sand and say,

Hey, I'm going to hit you before
you hit me and make sure it sticks.

So now back at camp, I don't
trust anybody.

I feel like I need to win every single immunity after this in order to ensure the fact that I'm still going to be here.

That's what you can understand.
Thank you.

Tribal really sucked tonight.

They really blindsided
Gabe big time.

It sucks.

And the whole tribe knew except for me.

Thanks for getting the fire going guys.

Gorgeous.

You guys are miracle workers.

I feel crushed.

I can't even trust Caroline anymore.

Something like that really lights the fire under my rear end to really start taking down everyone.

But especially Kyle.

I can't believe he's still here.

That just turns my stomach more
than him writing my name down.

I just want to write his name down for Gabe.

And I can't wait for that day.

I'm going to be a little bit nervous.

All right.

What are the odds the sun comes out today?

Is the rain stopping?

Last night, it was tough.

It was pouring rain.

Winds are blowing.

We're shivering, freezing and
you're just miserable.

You're frozen.

frozen you don't want to talk
you just want to like power up and I kept praying

for a little of the heat from that fire
to come my way.

But the worst thing is that Gabe's gone.
My security blanket my you know my

number one from day one gone and now I'm miserable. I'm all alone. It's a tough,

tough, tough environment to be in.
Okay. I feel like today will be.

Last night blindsiding Sue was maybe a huge mistake.
I knew that there was a

chance she was just gonna be like you're on my hit list. You're out. You betrayed

me. I thought I could trust you. I can't trust anyone.
Our relationship is over.

I hated taking that chance but I knew that
from the bottom of my heart this is the

game I need to play so I need to talk to her
and need to make sure she

understands why I did that vote. I felt my
only true friends were you and Gabe.

I just don't like non-loyal people. It's just who I am.
It's not that I don't like

you but you know it's just
you can see I'm loyal.

Yeah yeah I want to explain one thing
to you. Yeah. This is not in any

way do you feel like I'm not you. I kept
feeling like I was making decisions

good for game I started feeling like I
didn't have any control over my own

game I felt like I waited my whole life
for this just to do it something else was

telling me exactly and I was like that to
me I will go home earlier and play my

game they make it to the end feel like where
I carried me and I just sat around right.

Gabe had a vision of me that he was
gonna bring me to the end and I will

have done no strategy of my own just
follow it along with him and he gets

taken credit for a lot of the moves that
is never the game I was going to

play. I wanted to be on Survivor ever since
I was five years old like this is

my biggest life dream. That's what I care
about the most I feel like my goal out

here is to play a game that I'll be proud
of like I'll be able to rewatch it

and you're like that's like a little girl
like I proved that little girl like I

didn't I was so proud of myself. I have
ADHD and the way it like impacted me as a

kid is I just felt like I was constantly
failing so the way I internalized that

growing up is I was like I'm just dumb
because I grew up saying I would do

something and then I would get them and
then I would get distracted or I couldn't

will myself to do something and I felt
like a failure and so I feel like I've

just lived my life to prove to
myself that I'm not that failure.

Resilience was all I had and Survivor
was experience where I could see how

great it is if you persevere and what's
crazy is I feel like that is what has

been pushing me in this game. I want
good a final two with you right and we

complete each other it's weird but we do.
I'm my number one. You're my number one.

Even though Caroline voted Gabe I feel like
she came to me and sort of gave me an

olive branch and that's all I needed. I
feel good with her I still feel we're

number one and number two together
and now this is our time to

take control of this game.

Gabe is gone. It's crazy. We're at eight
and we're the tightest three or like a

three person. All we have to do is we are locked in.
Yes. Final three. All we have to do is play our

cards right? We have to do damage control. Obviously

because.

Yes.

Hello hello. Hi. Good morning. How's everyone feeling? Okay. I think that having Gabe not

here anymore opens the door to kind of these
like end game strategies that

we're all looking to start creating right now.
It was a hard vote last night.

It was hard. I know. But I don't want you to go
worried about it. Thank you. You've definitely been

thinking. I was grateful that it wasn't me.
Yeah it wasn't you. Yeah. I feel like

good about this group standing here. Yeah. Me too. Moving forward. This is really

good I think because that leaves Genevieve, Sam,
Kyle. Underdog Alliance. Yeah. Yeah. I love

it under good underdog story. It's by the majority.
Yes. Yeah. This is what I want to

start. I really need. I am trying to build a group
to go to the end with. I think that

my best options in this game are a playing field
that does not include

Genevieve, Sam or Kyle. I think the remaining
five players we all have a

fighting chance against each other if it
comes down to the five of us at the

end. I'm sure you would probably want
Genevieve out sooner than later since

we've already written our name now.
You know what? I'm like the only person I

want I'm targeting right now is Kyle. Yeah.
Let's just walk this in. Yeah. We can

decide whichever one of them we want for
the next three. It's just people. Depending

on who wins that'll affect the order. Yes.
So like we can get to five. Yeah. This is

getting me excited. Yes. I pray for one of us.
Absolutely. I'm in a real good

position with Gabe gone. We pull in
Caroline and Sue. That's a five. That's a

majority at eight and we and we collaborated
at the water well. We're just

like, yeah, we stick together.
We run this game.

One more weekend. We're down to eight.
There are people who scare me in terms of

jury votes. Yeah. More than you guys.
Are we worried that those five are gonna

just like try and pick off the three of us?
Yeah. A little bit. I think so. I think we're

doing a good thing. I think we're a great big city.
I know. East End of it challenges.

Everyone knows you're like the next up for a
physical rep. Yeah. As soon as one of us

go, we're then at the mercy of who wants to say that.
Yeah. I mean, I want to protect

the biggest threats of the game and you two are
the biggest threats in this game. Yeah.

Like the year of the people I want to go the
distance with. Yeah. I had an interesting

conversation with Kyle and Sam, but I don't like
using the word alliance or even saying

like I trust people or I'm close to people because
I don't, I generally don't feel any

of those connections to anyone out here by design.
Like if there are people who everyone

wants to sit with, maybe we just take out those people.
In real life, I love connecting

with people and I'm like an open book. And in the game,
I made quick connection with Kishan.

And as he left, his parting words to me
were, Genevieve, I trust. And from that

moment on, I realized like that's the power
that connections have in this game.

And I don't want that power. You know, I'd rather
be a villain that people didn't connect with

than the best friend who k*lled
their dream, you know.

I think it's all just the game, like nothing personal.
It's very easy for any of us three, I think,

to pick off the other two with that five. But then
you're sitting at six and I don't know where

any of us are getting numbers from. Yeah, I agree
with you. I don't have anyone that I feel like

wouldn't be like, I feel like if you if you go and
you go, I'm at six, but I'm the easy next target.

The beginning of this game, I was deceptive. I was
a liar. I was in control. And that's kind of how

I kept my power. After Sierra got voted out,
I had all of my power in this game stripped from me.

And since then, I've had to pivot my approach and
really come to people with full open honesty.

And that's when they first start to trust you.
Who would have thought that just telling the truth

were worked pretty well on Survivor sometimes?
Well, thanks for keeping me honest. I wanted,

like, there was an emotional part of me that did
not want to be a game's name down. But last time

that I voted with my emotions instead of a strategy,
it hurt my inner game for somebody that was no

longer part of the game. And so I had to separate that
last night. In the beginning, I had a hard time

separating my emotions from the game. But I'm realizing
now that you have to be able to separate

your emotions and who you were. And you need to be
able to adapt and be somebody that you need to

be out here if you want to go the distance. They've been pitching my name for a while now. So I'm not

really bonded. Yeah. In my younger years, when I
was being put through the ringer's left and right,

you know, different foster cares, different school systems, sometimes I had to be somebody that I

didn't want to be. And over the years, I've let
that part of me go dormant. But I do have the

ability to lie. I do have the ability to manipulate.
And I do have the ability to deceit.

Game brings out a part of me that I
don't care to lie. It's very different.

Yeah. That's like I try to make my family proud
when I'm here. But there's major potential of my

kids and my family seeing me be somebody that I don't
want to be. I do think you're making them proud.

I don't think you're doing anything that's out
about. Because everyone knows,

as soon as you watch this show, you know what it's about. Yeah. It doesn't make it easy though.

I've learned a lot about myself coming out here. I am a numbers guy, but I can't just sit here and

algorithmically determine the correct path because
there is so much variance. And all this variance

comes from the people themselves. People are
tricky because they have all these different

priorities. And not everyone out here is a AI agent
playing to optimize their wind condition.

It's wild to think about. It's all coming ahead in a week. Yeah. It's unbelievable. It's unbelievable.

But now I'm at the final eight. And I do
have all these amazing relationships.

Now I look at Sam. I look at Kyle. I look at
Genevieve. I'm the one with the best

relationships with each of them. Now I have the
power. And I can look at this as my game board.

And I can arrange the pieces how I want them to go.
And so I'm in a crushing position in this game.

I still got a game playing. I feel like I got your votes.

All of a sudden we hear a boat down on the beach. And
a boat means that usually somebody is getting

on it, going on a journey, and has the chance to
either earn an advantage in this game or lose

their vote. Gather around, gather around. And with
eight votes left, all you need is five people for

a majority. So whoever goes on this
journey, a lot is at stake.

One person must get on this boat for a journey.
If you cannot agree, whoever draws the purple rock

will get on the boat. You will return to camp this
afternoon. Is there someone that wants to go?

I've never been on a journey. So I'm not having-
I've been on two so I won't.

And I've been on a journey. I'm not going.

I think I would like to go. I know
Genevieve wants to go on this journey,

but I'm perceived as a pretty big threat within this
group. So it's high risk, high reward, but for

where my game is right now, I want to get on the boat.
Can we do that? Can anybody else want to go?

I'm staying here. You're staying? You're staying?
I'm staying.

All right, I'll go. You're in the draw? Yeah, I'll go.
I don't really feel like I need to go on this journey.

I don't really want to target on my back,
but the thing that I really don't want is

Sam or Genevieve getting some kind of power because
they're two of the three people that I am not

working with that are left in this game.
All right, reveal. It falls up. Two, three.

Low and behold, I have the purple rock. I'm a
little nervous about what people will perceive

is going to happen and what I might get. And so
there's this element of risk that you have to be

willing to take on, but I think what I've learned
throughout this game is that I can just trust myself.

And so hopefully it will not come back
to bite me in the butt.

I'm on a boat that takes me to the middle of the
damn ocean and I'm coming up to this barge

and I'm just like, that can't be it. You know,
like, it's in the middle of the ocean. Like,

that's not a thing. That's not what a journey is.
When I realized that that was my destination,

I became very nervous about what
the hell this could be about.

Today you have a chance to earn an advantage
and it all revolves around a simple puzzle.

Slide the ba*ls into the columns so that all the colors
match and your advantage will be free for the taking.

But there's one more layer that will complicate
things. The puzzle is tied to a rope

and the rope is connected to a series of weights.
The weights are going to pull the rope into the ocean.

You must finish the puzzle before the last weight,
pulls both the puzzle and your advantage off the deck

and into the water. If you do not complete
the puzzle in time, you will not participate

in the vote at the next tribal council. Oh my god,
this is crazy. Well, it is simple, I

guess, but I have no idea how much time I have.
The point of the game is to get all the ba*ls in

every column to be the same color. So I understand
the concept of this game and I think that anybody

could do it with enough time. But the question is like,
can I move fast enough that I will not run

out of time before I complete it? That's very
scary and I hope I can get this done because

I want to know it's in that box before it just
sinks to the bottom of the ocean. This is the

perfect example of games that I like to do at home
with myself where I'm like, okay, we're going

to set a timer and we're going to see what we can do.
The stakes are much higher and so I'm going

to have to see if I can turn off that part of my brain
that's like, this is big stakes in Survivor

and just play the fun little game
that's set in front of me.

This is a very intense timer. I can hear the
whole time that rope just unspooling.

That was fast, faster than I wanted.

I am trying not to look at the rope because I
don't want to like lock up in panic and fear.

Like the whole time I'm just like, am I
moving fast enough? Can I move any faster?

Oh, I'm close.

Oh, man. That was a thrill.

It was so satisfying.

It was just like, like,
advantage aside,

I was just like, I'm accomplished.

I've done something today.

Shaking.

This does add to my options.

Plus, I get to walk out of this situation
with my vote, and that's huge.

But I think that it also means that I do need to be more vigilant about ensuring that people are still on the same page with me,

because this can still paint a target
on my back in a way where they're like,

well, we were all at a level playing field.

But now Rachel has this power, and she could
use it to, you know, make a big splash.

And so with the things in my arsenal
and the people on my side,

I am genuinely having that teetering moment of, like,
could this actually result in me winning this game?

Or could it be my demise?

I hear a boat.

Should we go welcome?

I think so.

Rachel!

Welcome, Rachel!

Welcome, Rachel!

Oh my God!

Oh my God!

I've never seen anything like it.

What?

Coming back from a journey and thinking about
what you want to tell everybody,

it's sort of a lose-lose, because not everyone's
going to believe you no matter what you say.

But I think that what I'm trying to
do is err on the side of 99% honest,

because there are three people that I don't
want to know that I have an advantage.

And I think keeping them in the dark about
this is the best choice in my opinion.

I'm assuming I'm going to, like, an island, and then all of a sudden I see this, like, barge in the middle of the ocean.

And I, like, walk up to this puzzle, but literally
to start it, I have to throw a weight overboard,

and it starts unspooling, all the things.

And I was like, come on, and it runs out, and
the table flies off the barge into the ocean.

What?

So what happened?

You loose a vote there?

Yeah, so I can't participate
at the next tribal council.

Yeah.

Rachel comes back and she tells us this story about
being on a barge in the middle of the ocean,

and it's all very extravagant, but I'm
thinking in the back of my mind,

this is exactly what I would say if I
had something and I got a big advantage.

So I'm not buying it.

I think Rachel's got something up her sleeve.

I got a block a vote.

It's only good till six.

No, I won't.

I swear.

But I was thinking I could
tell Andy and Teeny.

because as long as the five of us are actually
solid, we could use it if we need to.

When Rachel told Caroline and myself that
she actually won the block a vote,

I felt very bonded because I feel like you don't share
that with people unless you truly trust them.

Can I tell you something?

Day one Gabe walked up to me and was like,
Sue, I want you to know I got you.

And he pulled up a beware advantage.

And that's why I wanted to always protect him because I trusted him because he was up front and honest with me.

And that's where you know, like you doing this makes my heart happy and makes me 100% trust everything you said to she.

I knew I wanted to tell you.

Thank you.

Sue actually tells me about how Gabe, the very beginning of the game, approached her and told her about his beware advantage and how that bonded him t

And I genuinely believe that. I think Sue plays very emotionally and I think that that's great for my game right now.

Do you think that the five is like legit?

I know us three are. I know us three are.

I actually feel like all of our interests are genuinely true.

That's why I agree.

So Rachel has an advantage.

And funny enough, I actually would prefer for her to have an advantage because I want Rachel to increase her threat level.

Rachel doing well in this game just makes her an even better ally for me because someone who becomes a threat now, they just become a shield later.

No.

Yeah.

Usually the people who have put my trust in this game have gone ahead and twisted the knife in my back and blindsided me or not included me in plans.

And I'm sick of that. I'm over it. And finding Andy and Rachel has been a solace, a sanctuary away from this just trustful betrayal that I had going



And so I am feeling very good about my group of three with Rachel, Andy and myself.

Oh, it's giant.

Oh, pretty.

Pretty.

Everywhere.

Well, we're looking.

Yes.

If Kyle wins, would you be open to considering one of the people who are basically being just like shepherded to final three? Like Sue and Andy?

Yeah.

So the general consensus around camp is Sue and
Andy are great to bring to the end with you.

But from a strategic perspective, I would love to take out some of the people that are being brought to the end because that frees up more seats for u

I am open to that.

I have to think about like who and what that would mean to like get out people like how and down.

At this point in the game, Kyle is just this insane challenge beast that everyone's just itching to get out the second he doesn't win immunity.



But Genevieve is so much more dangerous to me because Genevieve is actively seeking people out, planting seeds in people's ears, planting distrust, a

Earlier when I was picking up Kyle, ...

..., but now I want Genevieve first.

I don't want people stirring the pie and I don't want, I think that's what she's meant to like.

That's not the first time she said my name
is not the third time I said my third name.

If I'm looking at the game board, the one piece that has just become a big nuisance and a direct threat to my game is Jenna Vive.

People for my name and I want them out.

I know.

Genevieve has been doing that for days.

So she's just going to do it with Caroline and Sue too.
She's going to throw all our names to them.

Yeah.

You're right.

I don't know.

Genevieve's telling Rachel that she's
dragging me along is laughable.

I've been playing a game that no one is seeing and I'm sick of it. I'm sick of being underestimated in this game.

Genevieve is a snake in the grass. We need to get her out soon and I'm confident I can make that happen.

Come on in.

You're looking like Survivor players.

Little worse for the wear. The smiles are still there.

So let me just check in 20 days into this adventure. Kyle, have you noticed or learned or reflected on any part of your life while you're out here?



Absolutely. You know, growing up a little bit rough and in the conditions I did, there wasn't like a lot of stability.

And after being out here for so many weeks, it's my reflection on that is just as long as I have my family, any common casual Tuesday.

A plate of food in front of us and just being together is what I want and just to share that love with one another.

Sue, I gotta check in. You seem emotional.

I'm very proud of myself for being here and I knew I was going to have tough times and I actually was looking forward to it because I feel like when

So my desire is so powerful inside me and I believe in myself that I can do it.

I just want to say, I relate to Sue a lot in this moment.


I was standing in this exact same spot. I recognize it.

You're talking about day three. Day three exhaustion. I was feeling like I gave it my everything and it wasn't enough and that was going to be my st

None of us have sailed through the first 20 days of this game. It's been rocky for every single one of us.

But this is what I feel altogether that we have learned and grown this sense of backbone and composure and resiliency that we could take into the rest

It's one of the great things about Survivor. It is a roller coaster of highs and lows, but there is one thing that is always there, opportunity, incl

Shall we get to today's immunity challenge?

Alright Kyle, first things first. For the fourth time, I am taking it back from you. Thank you, sir.

Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to use a rope to balance a wobbly table while you stack letter tots.



If at any point your stack drops, you've got to start over. The first person to spell immunity wins immunity.

Guaranteed a spot in the final seven. Losers tribal council where somebody will be the 11th person voted out become the fourth member of our jury.

You are 20 days into your adventure on Survivor 47. You want to guarantee you see Day 21? Win this. Big enough stakes? Yes. Alright, we'll drop your

Alright, here we go. For immunity and a guaranteed spot in the final seven. Survivors ready. Go!



Where everybody going to take time out of the gate to stack their blocks. Some people are going to race out, some people are stacking their letters in

You're racing out with that first letter, you're spelling immunity from the bottom to the top, so you're spelling it backwards.

You're balancing that table to make sure it doesn't fall. This is all about touch. How fast can I move while still keeping that rope really still?

It's not so difficult with the letter Y, but as
that stack gets higher, it gets more precarious.

Genevieve drops, got to come back, that's going to happen. That's how you start to find where that tipping point is.

You want to go just as fast as you can, but
not so fast as you're out of control.

Unless of course you find yourself behind,
in which case you have to catch up.

There's going to be a lot of changing strategies out here. Sam moving quickly on his way back. Rachel moving quickly.

Kyle and Teeny moving very slowly,
taking a different approach.

Teeny's going to go slow and steady and hope for a
late game fail that will open the door for her.

You've got to focus on your game. In Survivor and in this challenge because you never know when somebody's going to drop.

You just keep building your stack.

Sam places his seventh letter. Genevieve places her seventh.

Rachel places her seventh. Here comes Kyle with
his sixth, trying to get in on this.

Caroline drops, she's got to go back. It is now Sam in the lead, then Rachel, then Genevieve.

All heading back for their eighth and final block.

This is it right here. Three people in it. Everybody else chasing.

Teeny places her sixth. Teeny hoping for a disaster from all three and that will open the door for her.

And she gets one of them. Genevieve drops.

Sam drops and loses everything. It
is now Rachel solely in the lead.

Rachel drops and loses everything. This is what Teeny
and Kyle were hoping for and they got it.

Kyle now in the lead along with Teeny.
That is why you always keep fighting on Survivor.

That is why you never give up because
anything can and often does happen.

Now it's Kyle that's worried about all the way.

And Kyle drops everything. And just as though she
had written it out, Teeny got what she wanted.

It is Teeny for their seventh block. Kyle had
done such a good job of catching up but lost it.

It is now Teeny and then Sue at five blocks
and then Andy at four blocks.

And now it's Teeny that has to
worry about the same thing.

Just a little too much slack in that rope and it
will dump. It wants to tip. It's top heavy.

And there it is. The opportunity you want. Teeny drops everything. The lead is gone.

And once again we have a fresh start. And now it is
Sue in the lead. She has been slow and steady.

Sue loses everything. We have another
new leader. It is Andy.

Andy loses everything.

Oh my god. We are back where we started.

Right now we are at is Rachel's
in the lead with seven.

Kyle places his sixth block.
Genevieve places her seventh.

Genevieve and Rachel both at seven letters both with one letter left. Rachel has her eighth letter.

She is heading back out. Genevieve still has to get
her eighth letter. Kyle one full letter behind.

Everybody else not in it right now.

Rachel slowly but surely inching closer. Genevieve
slowly but surely inching closer to Rachel.

We can have a race to the finish here. Rachel
very close to placing that eighth and final block.

Genevieve right on her tail.

Genevieve loses everything. And that
is a huge opportunity for Rachel.

She can slow down now. Kyle the only person chasing her. Kyle now placing his seventh letter.

This will put him one behind Rachel. Rachel has spelled immunity. All she has to do now is get back to the end to get two feet on the platform.



That necklaces hers. Day 21 is guaranteed. Can she do it?

Kyle has a big decision. Does he go for it? Do you push it? Put your foot on the gas or do you hope Rachel drops?

One wrong move and this game is back up
in the air. Rachel slowing down now.

It is a game of cat and mouse Kyle on the platform now reaching for his eighth and final block.

This is where things get really tricky.
One wrong move and you will dump everything.

Rachel now down to about six steps left.

Kyle has made up some time and he's coming back with his eighth letter. It would be a huge comeback for Kyle to place his letter and catch Rachel.

This is coming down to Rachel's last few steps. Can she hold it steady? Get two feet on that platform and win immunity.

Kyle moving quickly on his way back. He's
going to go for broke and try to pull it out.

Can he catch Rachel or is this over unless Rachel drops? Rachel two steps away from immunity.

All eyes on Rachel.

She's got one foot on the platform.

Kyle is hoping for a mistake.

It's over! Rachel Wins!

Rachel guaranteed a spot in the final seven.

Tribal council tonight.

Somebody'll be the 11th person voted out and
fourth member of our jury. It will not be Rachel.

Wow. What a challenge.

Rachel come on over.

Congratulations.

Immunity is yours.

Safe tonight at Tribal Council. Can not be voted
out of this game. You will live to see day 21.

What did it take to win this challenge?

You know what's so funny? My husband Derek is the opposite of me. He is so patient. I'm the most impatient person.

And so I was just in that moment. I was like just harnessed him. He would be screaming at you to slow down to just focus and just take my time.

Which is something I'm not very good at.

It worked today. You are safe not going home. As for the rest of you. After 20 days somebody's Survivor dream will come to an end.



Good job Rachel. Grab your stuff. Head out.

It is beyond overdue for us to take Kyle out. Getting Kyle out will be a way to help all of our odds in this game.

Because I don't think there's any beating Kyle in this game. He's too good of a competitor. He's got too good a story.

And people just like Kyle. So the best thing for this entire group to do is to vote Kyle out.

Coming back to camp with immunity is this incredible feeling. That's something that I wasn't sure I would ever get to do in this game.

Good job Rachel. Good job Rachel.

Noooooo.

Everyone's clapping and saying good job and like whether they mean it or not it feels good.

Were you hanging out even though?

Yeah. She's hanging out there.

Kyle has had this necklace around his neck for so long
that we have not been able to take any shots at him.

And so it's an easy vote to vote Kyle out tonight. On the other hand, when it's a really obvious vote, that's a perfect time to take out somebody t

Like Genevieve or Sam. And frankly, I want all three of them out of this game. I don't really care what order they go in.

And so it does feel like by winning the necklace, I have way more options for who's going to go home tonight.

I've been waiting patiently and there will be nothing that will bring me more pleasure than writing Kyle's name down tonight at Tribal Council.

I knew his day would come and I've been drooling.

Haha. Drooling.

For this day.

I think it would be a little bit dumb to do anything else.

Everybody will have a better chance at immunity.
Everyone will have a better chance at winning.

Do you guys agree?

I agree.

If I had my way, Kyle would stay. Unfortunately,
I have zero power right now.

The group is going to do what they want,
which I'm told is Kyle.

But my name was out there for the Gabe vote. And thankfully I was able to, like, buy the skin and my teeth hide behind Gabe.

And so tonight I hope that everyone
is more afraid of Kyle than me.

It is not good for my game to get Kyle out of here. As soon as
Kyle is gone, everybody that's looking at Kyle is looking at Sam.

And it's way too early to have
everybody looking at Sam.

If we can do so, we can do anyone. Or Andy.

I'm not doing it.

Okay.

The problem tonight is getting one of the other
five players in the tribe on board to save Kyle.

And I don't know if the numbers are there.

I'm not doing that. And I really appreciate if
you guys didn't do that.

We can't do it without you, so...

So I might have to just go with the group once again.
And that sucks. But that's the game.

I'll keep it short. You don't have it either.

No. Okay. I don't think you have to look at the numbers.

Especially if Rachel is a little...
I don't know about that or not.

Not bringing home that necklace really
means that I've got a lot of work to do.

I've been so vulnerable with my story and the reason
why I'm here, they know it's an excellent story.

And a family man is a dangerous person to have in the end game.

So now it's time to step away from my physical abilities
and just try to get into the social game of this.

And try to get somebody on a different direction
other than headed at me at this point.

If the votes are that unanimous against me, would you
take a risk and sh**t one direction to try to help me?

I promised you, right? That I would want game first.
I'm in general to be next.

And I meant it.

Everyone's eyes are set on Kyle.

But I'm thinking that if I want to leave my imprint on this game and start making my mark and start flipping the win switch,

I have kind of come with other ideas.

If I had it my way, I would 100% prefer for
Genevieve to be the one to leave tonight.

And so I have to pitch a case in which I can make that happen.

So I understand that we are also burning five personal acts, right? So it's all about the order.

So that ain't even changing.

The likelihood he's going to win over the
next four and eighties is 6.25% chance.

It's not that risky. It's a calculator.

I like thinking about things in terms of probability.

That gives him a coin flip to win a given challenge.

Roughly for a coin flip to land on heads
four times in a row is one out of ...

... two four, maybe two four.

It's one out of 16.

And that is a 6.25% chance of happening.

That's not that risky.

The risk of winning out is too high. Even if he
doesn't win more, people will see it as too high.

I will see it as too high.

The chances of winning another immune challenge are 6.2 %.

No, that's not 6.2%. I don't know where
you got that number from, but it is below me.

The only thing Kyle is going to do from here on out is going to sit in a shelter and make the fire and talk about Chania.

That's who he is as a game player.

Chania is all he's been. She's through.
My name is, you know, you know, you know.

I look at that as more threatening to our
five-person land. And Kyle.

Andy and Rachel are definitely heavily
weighing taking out Genevieve tonight.

I think they are starting to feel
the fear of Genevieve.

She's just going to find a way to win a challenge and stay in this game long enough to take the rest of us out.

It's a valid concern. I'm not not hearing it.

... but I know that we have to get him first.

His run is overrated. That's all I'm doing.

I'm getting rid of Genevieve. Honestly makes sense,
but targeting Genevieve means targeting Sue

and betraying her trust and potentially
destroying our alliance.

So I'm really hoping with every fiber of my being he
agrees with me and we can stick to the smart plan.

I think that Genevieve is way
scarier of a player than Kyle is.

So if everyone is staring at Kyle and assuming he's going home, this would be a perfect time to get a player out like Genevieve.

Kyle has won four immunities, so to not take him out when he doesn't have an echoson would just be the dumbest look ever for us as players in this ga

A lot of people go by their gut or their heart. Those
things are really not in my decision making right now.

Like I'm playing the numbers, but the hard part is getting everyone else on board and trying to convince them that my plan should be the plan to happ

Now bring in the members of our jury.

Alright, so with tonight's vote, 11th person
voted out becomes fourth member of the jury.

So Sam, as this power starts to shift more
to the jury, what changes about the vote?

I think everybody goes into a vote figuring
out who is a threat to them later on.

But, you know, I actually think this group might
have a bit of a warped perception of that.

Because I think there's people in this game that go through the motions of, here's the people that can beat me, so I gotta take all of them out, but

And all of a sudden those votes mean nothing
to them because they'll be one of them.

Rachel, do you agree with that philosophy?

Yeah, I mean I think it's clear that power players are being taken out of this game, but I think that Sam's perspective is Sam's perspective, becau

And so whoever Sam thinks is a threat and whoever Sam thinks he can be, is different than who I think is a threat and who I think I can be.

It's different for every single person here and
that's what makes it complicated.

Kyle, what do you think about that?

The way that I'm seeing things is a little bit different maybe than the way that other people are seeing things right now, because I'm sitting in a

They want to vote me out mostly because of like,
wow, this guy is physically challenging.

Yes, I've prevailed in challenges, but ultimately the social game, the strategy game, all the other parts of this game that come into play, I might n

We've had people on Survivor that have just annihilated challenges, got to the end and not receive votes.

I might not be as big of a threat as what people think.

Handy, Kyle makes a valid point. Half of the people that have won five individual immunity challenges did not win Survivor.

They might not have even got to the end.

Yeah, I do kind of understand what
Kyle's saying to an extent.

Like, I didn't do much sugarcoating.

Like, I lied to all three of those jurors
on their way out into their faces.

So, it just goes to show off how there are so many different sides to Survivor when it makes a good player, whether that's pitching that you are beat

It all goes into it and you just have to weigh, like, how to survive and you just have to give yourself the best chance to win the game at the end.

Teeny, was there a big debate about threats in terms
of what kind of threat is most dangerous right now?

Absolutely. If you are more of an outward-facing threat, somebody like, sorry, Kyle, who's won four different competitions, like, that's a big physi

Or if you're somebody who's leading and orchestrating
a lot of votes, you're getting your voice heard.

That's a big outward threat. We all sort of know who falls into the big outward threat section and who falls into this sort of underdog, maybe sneaky

Genevieve, are you displeased or just thinking?

Oh, oh. So Teeny mentioned outward threats, are you great at immunity challenges? She's not talking about me.

But then she said, or you get your voice heard
or you lead votes, and I've heard my name a lot.

The pitch I try and make is, if there are people who everyone is comfortable keeping in, they're probably taking up seats you want in the end.

So it's difficult to make a pitch. I mean, once you get that stamp of threat, it doesn't wash off.

So, Andy, you go back to camp, you start talking, there's one thing very different. There were no shot in the darks.

So unless someone has an idol or some other kind of new advantage, there's nothing they can do. Did you sense that today?

The safety net is off for sure, but we're still kind of playing the way we're playing, and we're not just going to walk up to a target and say you'r

We're trying to be more sophisticated with that and layered. We're not playing a simple vote. We're not just doing load up on one person and not wo

Kyle, you're smiling big. You don't buy that answer.

It's not that I don't buy that answer, but there's
a couple of points that I'd like to highlight on.

When we got back to camp, it was pretty obvious that I didn't have necklace around my neck at this point in time. There was no safety for me, right?

So I pulled a couple of individuals. One of those individuals told me that there's so many people gunning for you right now, which tells me that peop

But this is opportunities for moves to be made. This is like time to flip the switch. This is when you start to think about maybe there's different t

So did anything change to give you some optimism, or as you sit here right now, do you believe you're the vote?

You know, I'm going to be optimistic in this position. I'm not going to roll over and just give up. That's not who I am, and that's not who I want

So we have the opportunity to have a crowd-pleasing moment, something that we can shift to the point where somebody didn't see that coming.

Sue, that's an interesting comment. We could have a crowd-pleasing moment if we don't take me out.

Right. Well, personally, I feel every single person here is making up their own mind. They're not really being swayed by anybody. I certainly am not

I know what I'm planning on doing, and I'm sticking to it.

Sam, what did you experience this afternoon?

I think my experience was pretty similar to everybody else's in the sense that Kyle is the obvious target, but he also makes some very good points.

The fact that he is a vote, the fact that he is a shield to a lot of people who feel like they're also targets, and they're also threats in this gam

How about you, Rachel?

Yeah, I mean, I think it's being underplayed a little bit. I definitely had discussions today about targets that were not Kyle, that were seriously c

So I don't think that it was just Kyle doesn't win immunity, and we're voting out Kyle. It is more nuanced than that, whether people want to believ

Genevieve, when you hear Kyle say, well, I was
told it was me. Does that give you comfort?

I don't think it'll be a dog pile on Kyle's name.

Genevieve, you're very quiet tonight. Your energy is quieter, your voice is quieter. Is that 20 days of exhaustion?

Or is that the pressure of being a tribal feeling
that your name might actually be the name tonight?

I'm a little bit all over the place, mentally. Half of my mind is, I wonder if I'll get through tonight, and the other half is, then how do I get th

Funny enough, this is actually a moment where I would remind Genevieve of one of my absolute favorite tribal quotes I've heard so far, which is, "th

Who said that?

Genevieve.

And I've honestly thought about that quote almost every day.

Genevieve, do you have a player telling you, you actually said something that I'm using right now, you should use it yourself tonight.

That's community, Jeff. And it's so twisted out here, and it can feel awful, and it can feel like rejuvenating, and like, oh yeah, maybe I'm not on

So, thank you, Caroline. Absolutely. Thank you.

Genevieve, there's one more layer that starts to creep into this at 20 days, and only eight people left. Is it, you know each other? It starts to bec

Yeah, and since the Kishon vote, I have made a very specific effort to separate Genevieve the person, from Genevieve the player, which is how I am abl

But people I've known for a long time, trickled through, and pulled in some emotion from Genevieve the person, people I've known only for a short ti

And it does make it more complex for me. I wish I could truly just be Genevieve the player. It would be a lot easier.

Andy, more difficult for you the
longer you stay in this game?

I do think it gets more intense, but at the same
time the finish line is right there, right?

We see eight slots, and five people have to go. I feel like there's a happy medium where you have to determine the big calculus of thinking about eve

It's going to change after the next vote, and the real goal is to be not at the top, not at the bottom, you have to just figure out a way to get thro

Kyle, do you agree with that?

I think there's a lot of truth to that, but it's getting to the point where you may not want to just go majority rules anymore.

I think this is time where you can really start flipping the script, making moves happen that people really weren't expecting, and prove to the peopl

Okay, it is. Time to vote.
Genevieve, you're up.

I'll go tally the votes.

Anybody has an advantage or an idol and you want
to play it, now would be the time to do so.

Alright, I'll read the votes.

First vote. Genevieve.

Kyle, one vote Kyle,
one vote Genevieve.

Teeny, it's one vote Kyle, one vote
Genevieve, one vote Teeny.

Kyle, two votes Kyle, one vote
Genevieve, one vote Teeny.

Kyle, three votes Kyle, one vote
Genevieve, one vote Teeny.


fourth number of our jury.

Kyle, that's four, that's enough.
You need to bring me your torch.

Alright guys, line them up,
let's knock them down.

Thank you for each and every one of you for the kind
words that you had to say for me, for my family.

Every one of you are beautiful and have a wonderful
story. You are playing your hearts out.

Thank you so much for this experience. Thank you
so much for your friendship.

Good game you guys.

Good game. Bye Kyle.

If you have a family, when you're
out there, give it a buck 20.

We do 100% for ourselves, but when it comes to
our family, we put 120% into everything we do.

I'm going to need a hug from you too.

You got it. Kyle, the tribe has spoken.

Thank you so much for your time, for being here.
Thanks for coming out.

Bye everybody.

Bye Kyle.

See you guys.

Grab your torches, head back to camp.
Good night.

Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.

We are going to be the final four women.

We're all power!

And it's so exciting.

Next time on, Survivor!

And he is the Charlotte's, there's the drink.

This is what I've been waiting for every day to go.

Let's start.

This is the biggest place on Survivor.

It's hard to go.

It stings a little bit, having your torch snuffed,
knowing that the title of Sole Survivor won't be yours.

The million dollars won't be yours,
but I'm pretty proud of myself.

And all the things that I've accomplished,
and I think I've made my family proud,

there's only going to be one winner in the end,
and I gave it my all.

I gave it a buck 20 the whole way through,
and I'm proud of that.
