I'm just letting you know.

Thank you for letting me know.

Yeah, thank you for letting me know.

Yeah, I think I might be a little bit
of a mastermind right now, you know?

Did you hear about it?

This is how you place this game.

Rome just talks, talks, talks,
and it's crap, crap, crap.

Rome, you're going to be a little
bit more like a monster.

You're going to be a monster.

You're going to be a monster.

It talks, and it's crap, crap, crap.

Rome is now in case anybody wants to know.

My number one hit.

First opportunity, Rome's outie.

Everybody here would be very
happy with voting Rome tonight.

I would love it if there
was a second name.

Are you guys okay with Andy?

If it's Andy, it's OK with Andy.

Handy.

Six person voted out of Survivor 47.

Rome.

He tried to smoke.

Congrats, everyone.

I'll make you dance.

All right.

Right now, I am feeling so, so, so, so
good about what happened at Tribal Council.

Rome, my biggest source of paranoia and
stress in this game, was collectively voted out,

and not only is the emulated advantage out of my hands, it was also played on me so that I didn't even have a chance of going home.

Congrats.

Congrats.

All right.

All right, let's go.

But beyond that, Sol is the only known person who wrote Andy's name down, and needs to do some damage control, because obviously Andy's going to be

I did not want to do that.

I promise you, with all my heart,
I did not want to do that.

I genuinely believe Rome had an eye on it.

Right.

I really did.

Yes.

And if you put my name down, and
everyone is on Rome, I'm gone.

Okay, so you're very confident that he has
an eye on you, and he's going to play it.

Right.

That means you're very confident
that you're sending me home.

Well, of everyone on God's
green earth, you chose me.

Right.

Why?

Me voting for Andy gives
me some work to do.

I knew there was a chance that Andy would still
be here, but I had to protect myself.

So now, I know I have to give up some things to earn
his trust back, and I have no problem with that.

I didn't want to do it, Andy.

But they were all coming back to me,
and we're like, hey, Rome wants you.

I was like, okay, fine, but
we have to have a backup.

Gata, said, all right, we'll give up Andy.

So that's when I was like,
I don't know exactly.

It was Sam.

Sam is the one who said
that you're the backup.

I did a lot of work to get out of Gata alive and
have a decently strong alliance with Sam and Sierra,

but I feel like as time has gone on, little things have started to not add up in terms of how they're moving in this game.

And when Sol tells me that they are using me
as a sacrificial lamb, I wasn't shocked.

I wasn't that surprised, but I was, you know,
sort of woken up, and things became very clear to me.

Based on what you're telling me, I need
significant help from real allies.

So I want some protection from this in the future.

And what I want is an alliance where people are not
going to be throwing my name as a backup option.

Do you want to be a part of that?

Absolutely.

The next like three, four moves you need to make
are just, you need to be exactly how I expect.

Okay, man.

And we gave her to Gata.

You got it, man.

My man.

After this vote, I realized if I'm going to survive the second half of this game, like, I need to flip the switch.

I need to take control and have authorship over how
the rest of this game is going to go for me.

And right now, that means I should
just g*n for my Gata tri-mates.

Because if they're going to come
for me, I need to get this first.

I need to be a part of that.

I need to be a part of that.

I need to be a part of that.

I need to be a part of that.

I need to be a part of that.

Let's go, everybody.

Whenever you need Sierra,
do you want my pen?

I didn't need my pen.

I would love that.

I'm so thankful for you.

Got you.

It was Sam.

Sam is the one who said that you're the backup.

Last night, I really got my head spinning

I had spinning because I really feel like I invested in those relationships with Sam and Sierra on the early days of Gata.

But I'm realizing that I am a third wheel
and ultimately very expendable.

Not even just in the end game,
but even now.

And so I'm re-evaluating my game,
coming into this merge tribe.

I feel like I have an opportunity to find really sort of my people that I can really roll with for the long-term in this game.

And long story short, I want to swing away from Gata.

Do you have an okay sleep?

I slept okay.

A tribal council is interesting, obviously.

I know. Oh my god, how are you feeling?

I really just need to know how to go forward.

Last night, my number one went home and I'm like,
I'm not taking a second to mourn it.

All I'm thinking is, okay, I'm
in the market for a new ally.

And top of my list is Andy.

We need to find a way to not just be the singles,
you know, because the singles no one's afraid of.

Yeah, let's do something about it.

Like, let's take the game and turn on hands.

I love that.

After the first immunity challenge, Andy had what I can only describe as a moment of like true, raw, vulnerable panic.

But I really felt for him in
that moment and he's still here.

And he's probably because people were using him to
further their agendas, but now he has an agenda.

And I have an agenda.

And if we can work together, we can take back a
little bit more power at this stage in the game.

Okay, so if there's 12 of us, we need seven.

So if you and I always have like open conversations, we can kind of figure out what's going on and who's telling one to, you know what I mean?

Like, I have a vision.

I have a vision for how this
game could go for all.

And I like it.

Is it good? Is it a good vision?

Yeah, it's a good vision.

It could be like a big
sneak attack in this game.

That was supposed to go well.

It would be so good.

In order to change my fate, here's
what I'm missing right now.

A real number one in this game.

I've worked closely with a few people.

I worked closely with Sam,
but that's drifting away.

And until now, Genevieve is someone
I didn't know left from right.

I didn't really know where she stood.

I didn't know what her game plan was.

But I'm kind of seeing her really as a pretty good opportunity for me to pick up that one person who also doesn't have a number one.

I'm excited for what we could do.

The possibilities.

Yes.

Yes, yes, yes.

I don't know what her game plan was.

She was a pretty good game.

She was a pretty good game.

I was a pretty good game.

I didn't even know where she was.

She was a pretty good game.

She was a pretty good game.

I can't believe you don't play pickleball.

I'm like in a tennis player.

I haven't played it, but it's not.

I play record ball every day.

So that's, then.

That's dry.

You need to adrenaline.

You try under this.

This morning, we're just getting our buffs,
we're just officially making it into the merge,

and it's like there's been
so much going on at once.

We're trying to like all chill at camp,
and then of course, Genevieve comes about and

she's like, I have treatment.

We're in Survivor.

You can't let your guard down, and it's like
actually the most exciting part, but also

terrifying.

A nerve-racking situation, the vote looming overhead.

Lose your focus and lose this test.

Tonight, your game just might be dead.

Oh, nice.

So at this point, I'm like really trying
to look ahead, and I'm really trying to see

who I'm clicking with.

You gotta get out of this
blazer before we forget.

I love that you have a blazer.

Oh my God.

Right now, I feel really good about the Tuku women.

I feel really good about, I mean,
most of the women in this game, honestly.

I think that ideally, I'm going to find
six to eight of these people that I really feel

like can work together, and we can start kind
of picking off the other side, quote unquote,

you know, whoever that may be.

We all more focus, and we make it.

We make it do, though.

I think we gotta get a full hand.

Exactly.

I would love for all the women
to make it to the jury.

We have.

I would love, and we have the power
to do it, so let's do it.

In the Survivor lexicon, I feel like the
All Girls Alliance is almost like mythologized

at this point.

It's been done before.

We've seen the Black Widow brigade
pull off some of the best moves in this show.

Since then, it gets snug before it even
gets a chance to kick off and start.

But the way that I would dream to play this game
is to form an All Women's Alliance and

eat all the men.

That's, I mean, just an ideal
case scenario for me.

And I really like the ladies here, and I
think that we can all get on the same page.

So who are some prospects?

Like, oh my God, me personally,
I'm sorry, Gabe is a threat.

And he has been for a long time.

Like, there are more women than there are
men in this post-merge sequence, but for me,

I have to really start to weigh the options
of if I want to continue to stay in this

Tuku 5, or if I want to completely flip ship and
try to form genuine connections and a genuine

alliance on the other side, because I think that
this is a perfect opportunity to get Gabe out.

I've been wanting Gabe out since the beginning.

I feel like I cannot trust this man.

But no matter what, I want people to see me
as an individualized player and that I can

make my own moves on my
own time in my own way.

Come on in!

Day 13, the merged tribe of Survivor 47.

So Andy, the last tribal council,
you voted out Rome.

It wasn't unanimous, but it
was the vast majority.

You've got the 12 people that you want
to move forward with and battle against.

So now how does the game change as
we head into the next challenge?

It's just going to get a lot tougher.

I feel like we got into the same beach and one
person sort of sunk their own game immediately.

And that's a really good consensus builder.

That built this community, but now it just starts.

It gets that much more dangerous.

We don't know who the next target is.

We have to play Survivor and
see what shakes out tonight.

Alright, well let's get
back into the game then.

First things first Kyle, take it back.

Yes sir, thank you.

Thank you.

You're welcome.

You're holding on to that.

Once again immunity is back up for grabs.

For today's challenge, you're going to need balance, concentration and endurance.

Here's how it works.

You're going to stand on the narrow beam while balancing a ball at the end of a very long pull while holding the pull above your head.

For the regular intervals, you're going to move farther down the beam making it more difficult to balance and concentrate.

And the longer you're in the challenge, more
difficult to keep that pull above your head.

At any point, you fall off where
your ball drops, you're out.

So now that you have the community you want, let's divide
that community and pit me against each other.

Here's how it's going to work today.

You're going to randomly divide
into two groups of six.

The one person who lasts the longest for the entire
challenge wins for their group immunity.

Everybody on that team will be
safe tonight at Tribal Council.

You will watch Tribal Council but you won't cast a
vote and you can't have a vote cast against you.

You are safe.

You will see day 14 of Survivor 47.

You last the longest for the losing group earns individual immunity and you will need it because that group is going to Tribal Council

where somebody will be the seventh person voted out of Survivor 47 and as a penalty for being voted out, you won't even make the jury.

In addition, plan for a reward.

All right.

On Knowich Plan 4.

Yes.

The winning six will go back to camp
and enjoy an afternoon of...

Baby back, we have...

No.

The Tato Sal.

That was good!

That was good!

That was good!

Corn on the car.

No, Jenna.

Beer and soft drinks.

Oh my God!

Losers, nothing but a date with
me tonight at Tribal Council.

Big enough stakes?

All right.

I'm going to do a rock draw.

Oh my God.

He's twisting, Jeff.

Always twisting.

All right.

Take a rock.

Don't look at it.

You know, I love this part.

Which color are you going to get?

Which color do you want?

Who else is going to have the same color?

Who are you going to be competing with?

Who are you going to be competing against?

Let's see what we have.

Everybody put out your palms.

And let's reveal.

If you are blue, come right
over here on my left.

Yellow to far end.

That's really nice.

That's really nice.

I've got some endurance in here.

All right.

So let's see how this worked out.

We have Genevieve, Sierra, Teeny, Sol, Andy and Sam.

Sam, what do you make about this draw?

Yeah, I mean, it's three Gata, three Lavo.

And I think this is now a team
of six because if one of us can

clutch up for the other five,
we're all safe.

So I'm trying not to think too much about
the dynamics and trying to focus on

how can I make sure that all
six of us feel good tonight?

All right.

The other six, we have Rachel, Caroline,
Sue, Tiyana, Gabe and Kyle.

Tell me, Sue, you've got your hands out.

We have our whole two-crew tribe plus me.

That's Rachel.

Rachel, on one hand, if you lose,
things on paper might not be

good.

Five versus one.

Sure.

But we're in the merge.

Everybody's wearing purple.

I mean, there are other dynamics in play here.

And if worse comes to worse,
we're the group going.

Like, I'll do everything
I can to stay safe.

I am terrified.

And look down the line and see the
entirety of the two-crew tribe and me.

So I need to win today or I'm
leaving the fate of my game ..

.. in the hands of five two-crew members.

I cannot believe that this is happening.

All right.

Here we go.

Everybody has their pulls above their head.

ba*ls are balanced.

This challenge is on.

Everything that you are focused on
right now is about one thing.

Balancing that ball do not let it drop.

The stakes are big.

The person who lasts the longest
overall wins for their group,

immunity and food.

The person who lasts the longest
for the losing group earns for

themselves individual immunity,
which you will need because the

losing group is going to tribal council.

Andy drops.

Set your pull down.

Take a spot on the bench.

Oh, my God.

Rachel's ball on the move.

Rachel cannot survive the first round.

Set your pull down.

Take a spot on the bench.

Just like that, we are down
to five in each group.

Now we're going to move
to the next section.

And it's a live transition.

You have 15 seconds to do it.

Starting now.

You've got to have both feet
in that next section of beam.

The wood section that isn't painted.

Now, with everything else you're
doing, you've got to move.

Sierra can't do it. Sierra's out.

Tiyana drops. She's out.

Genevieve, you're good.
Gabe you're good.

Everybody's good.

Back to concentrating.

We're down now to four on yellow and
four on blue, just like that.

You are earning it every
single day on Survivor.

Tribal counsel tonight, you don't
know who you can trust, who you can.

Person voted out tonight will have
no say in how this game plays out.

Won't make the jury.

All that work.

Make the merge.

But you're one day short.

Run Tribal council. And it's over.

Sol drops.

Sol takes a spot on the bench.

We're down to three for yellow.

Remember, all it takes is
one person in your group ..

..to outlast everybody else
and you are safe.

Day 13, Survivor 47.

This is it, right here.

This is the only thing you care
about right now. Nothing else.

All right.

Start making your move to the next section.

Tiny steps. You got time.

Sam, you're good.

Teeny, you're good.

Genevieve, you're good.

Gabe, you're good.

Caroline's good.

Kyle, good.

Thank you.

Oh, sh**t.

Sue drops.

She's out.

We're down to three on three.

It is a showdown right now.

Sam.

Teeny, Genevieve, taking on Gabe,
Caroline, and Kyle.

Comes down to one person.

Who can last the longest?

Keep concentrating.

Check in on your ba*ls.

Little movement with Sam,
but a nice recovery.

Nice job, Sam.

Nice.

You are vying for immunity for yourself

and potentially immunity for
everybody else on your team.

You want to be a hero.

Here is a moment.

Big food reward.

Security tonight. It will be worth it.

This is where you got
to get into that tank.

You've got a little gas in there.

You know you do.

Caroline's really shaking,
but still in it.

Nice recovery.

All right, here we go.

Let's move to that next section.

I will tell you when you're good.

Everybody start making your
move down the beam.

This is a live transition
to the last section.

Gabe can't do it.

He's out.

Caroline, you're good.

Caroline dropped.

She's out.

Genevieve, you're good.

Sam, you're good.

You're good, Kyle.

You're good.

Kyle's pole is on the move.

Sam dropped.

He's out.

Kyle tried to hang on.

Teeny, fight into hanging there.

Genevieve, fight into hanging there.

Oh, no.

Kyle's out.

That's it.

It is over just like that.

Teeny, Genevieve, you don't
have to become neat anymore.

Kyle's our individual immunity.

It doesn't matter on yellow.

The entire group has immunity.

Nice recovery.

You got it.

You're so good.

Good news for Genevieve, Teeny,
Sierra, Andy, Sol, and Sam.

Group immunity.

No need for individual immunity.

Nobody from your group going home.

You will go to tribal council tonight.

You will watch tribal council.

You will not cast a vote, and nobody
can cast a vote for you.

But for now, the six of you
are going back to camp.

Baby back ribs, potato salad, corn on the Cobb,
beer, and salt in the bus.

On the other side, Kyle, come on over.

For the second straight time,
the individual immunity is yours.

Well, you're still struggling.

Man, that's no joke right there.

Messers with the guy.

Kyle, for the second straight time of the
season, individual immunity is yours.

That means you are safe tonight.

Cannot be voted out of this game.

Thank you, sir.

You're welcome.

Have a spot back with your group.

All right, for the six of you, Gabe,
Sue, Caroline, Teeny, Rachel, and Kyle.

You are not going back to your tribe camp.

You're going to go to the old Lavo camp,
where you will spend the afternoon

with no food, nothing but time to figure out what's
going to happen tonight at tribal council.

You'll go to tribal council directly from that camp.

Tonight, seventh person voted out,
will not make the jury.

Biggest stake so far in this season.

Grab your stuff, head out,
see you tonight at tribal.

Thank you.

Nice job.

We're going to tribal.

And even though it's like trying to hurt cats
with this alliance of Tuku sometimes,

we had a great contingency plan because Rachel is
the only person who wasn't on the Tuku food tribe.

We have an easy vote out with
Rachel, in my opinion.

However, the easy vote might
not be a smart vote.

And I want to make a smart move.

Nice job.

Holy cow.

Oh my God.

What's the fear?

I have a lot of fear.

Today was another fantastic day in Fiji because
I surprised myself and maybe everybody else

and helped win the challenge
for the yellow group.

I was on there.

Thank you.

Which included safety for all six of us.

It included food for all six of us.

And we all have a certain team
knowing that we made the jury.

So today was like, Chef's Kiss,
perfect day.

This was like the best potato
salad I've ever seen.

Oh, more ribs.

Please.

I feel like I'm not even taking the proper amount of time to like, I know, appreciate the fact that we are all safe tonight.

We make it to the jury.

No matter what happens, we are
here to vote for the winner.

I want to know what's happening.

I want to know what's going on.

We're going to watch it.

Are we watching or like,
participating?

We're on the jury's.

We're watching.

Oh, really?

Are we not talking?

I do not have any comment.

I'm going to have a little bit of a call.

I have three talks about
Rachel being the only one.

I think she's in trouble.

I think, really?

My former God of members, and I get to bond with the former Labo members and really kind of solidify some trust and common happiness and joy with Sol,

But then I realized my God of girl
Rachel's over there with the losing group.

She's sitting there with five Tukus.

The entire tribe.

She's the odd woman out.

Like, if things hold the form, she's just getting picked off tonight and there's nothing that I can do to save her.

The fact that that Tuku group is five strong is scary.



So if it is Rachel tonight and Rachel goes, I would
like to see this six vote together in the next.

I think we need to knock off some of those Tukus,
especially if they've faced John tonight.

I agree.

So hopefully Rachel can pull through and
knock that number down a little bit.

There's going to be a title.

It's not a lot of harm.

We played an idol last night, so I
think there could be an idol.

Lavo Beach.

Because there was a triple amulet at the last
tribal council, which acted as a full idol,

I think it's possible that there could be some sort of idol or advantage hidden, which would be massively important.

And if anyone were to find it, then
it could change everything.

I think someone's going to find an idol.
I think it's going to be a crazy tribal.

My gut is just on the ground.

This is worst case scenario.

There's just nothing you can do in certain situations if you draw the wrong colored rock and you just get put between a literal rock and a heart plac

You can always hope that there's divisions and cracks within original tribes, but you can't look at five, two, and three.



You can always hope that there's divisions and cracks within original tribes, but you can't look at five, two, two members, and one God a member.

I'd not think, well, that's easy.

Look, guys, I know it's pretty precarious situation for me.

So if you guys want your time, I will give it to you,
but I'd also appreciate everybody else's time.

Rachel is somebody who has been perceived
as a very big threat in this game early on.

She's very personable. She's very charismatic.
She's also very smart.

So to have her in this vulnerable position is very
advantageous for everybody in season 47 right now.

It's her mother's time.

I'm going to try to spend time with her
so she can look for a night.

And she's going to play her shot.

Of course she is.

So what do we do?

I mean, it's not going to happen.

The way that rock draw at the challenge played out was also imperfect for Tuku, because it's one more tribal that all five of us get to survive.

If she plays that shot, she loses her vote.

And he's from every one of them, and then
worst case, we've got to rebuild.

I have to deal with that when we get there.

All these people are in this game are tools for me to use, and having this Tuku majority survive as long as it can is a very valuable tool.

So if the Tuku majority is going to k*ll me,
we'll be really worried about the shot.

We'll just keep going if we can.

Right.

The thing is, though, that means Rachel leaves.

They have six now with three models,
three goddess.

They're going to come after one of us.

From the outside, looking in,
Rachel is the obvious vote.

It's super easy.

However, I know with my whole freaking heart that if we go back to our camp with five strong of Tuku, we are going to be picked off because we don't

We technically lied to everyone
else about how close we were.

So not only are we really,
really strong, but we're liars.

What are we supposed to do with that?

This kind of seems like the perfect
opportunity to get Gabe out.

He has a perfect opportunity.

We're out.

Right away, I kind of was like, Rachel,
you're doomed. No doubt about it.

But then I realized it doesn't
have to be Rachel.

This could be the prime opportunity
to get rid of Gabe.

There's a very good chance
that it could stick.

If you get Gabe, you've
got to be a bullseye.

You can think of him as a  child.

I don't think he'd be
able to tell us to.

Oh, absolutely not.

You have a better match
on Rachel than I do.

Do you think we could pitch it to her?

Okay, for Ellen.

So we need Rachel to be all in on this.

We need her to not play that shot in the dark because
we're about to make something awesome happen.

I'm going to be totally straight up
and honest with you.

I want to work with you, and I know
that you are also close with Sierra,

and you make good connections because
I feel like you're a genuine person.

I feel really good about ladies.

So good.

So my game plan that I
just brought up to Kyle,

I'm going to pretend like
it's five strong,

but I'm an itching for an
opportunity to get Gabe out.

I mean, I love to hear it.

I wasn't sure because, you know, like,
it's hard to read the dynamics.

Exactly.

Like, you do a good job of, like,
you know, keeping very tight.

So, Tiyana comes up to me and says,
I actually want to get Gabe out.

I mean, that's  music to my ears,
obviously.

I'm going to vote for whoever that's not me to
get me out of this very sticky situation.

The thing is, it all comes down to,
I think, Caroline.

But I know she's a smart girl.

She knows moving forward if we go back
with five, we completely screwed.

Like, everyone's going to g*ng up on us.

Everyone's going to g*ng up on us, and honestly,
what better way to prove that we have cracks

and to vote out Gabe?

What Tiyana's saying is completely true.

Tuku is already a very threatening presence as
it is, and to go back and show that they're

united in voting out someone who, you know,
is pretty much on the bottom as far as anybody

you can tell.

I was left on on a kafone, and now
I'm the freakin underdog here.

Like, that's not a good look for them.

And so, Tiyana has, like, a very good point that
taking out someone like Gabe would be really smart.

So, if Tiyana can swing Caroline, and Kyle wants
to also go along with this Gabe plan, like, I'm in.

You're just so close, and with one the f

I have really liked ribs, but those are amazing.

This has been a very interesting and
weird season in terms of advantages.

They've all shown themselves early.
A lot of advantages have come out.

They've kind of just been flushed sort
of preemptively or in weird situations.

Like at last night's tribal council.

And when those leave the game, new ones
come to replace them typically.

And so finding an advantage could be a
very, very, very beneficial thing for me.

And he has just been somebody we've been keeping
around because we needed his vote on Ghana.

So I am not surprised that Andy
is searching for an advantage.

He's a sloppy player, plain and simple.
He's just all over.

You can't like track him and I'm like that's
just not somebody I can work with.

Oh, I didn't keep hitting him.

No.

Now that I'm working with Andy, I cannot stress
enough how important it is for him to be careful.

I honestly feel like if you go looking
for an advantage this early into merge,

you have to be sure that you can find it.

Oh, man.

I'm at this amazing reward. I'm loving
everything about life in this moment.

We're all just kind of chilling, getting
our food commas on, taking naps.

And I'm just not tired and I'm like, hey, sometimes there's something on these rewards, some type of advantage.

And so I start creeping around, taking a look
and making sure everyone's got their eyes closed.

So I feel like I have free reign
to go searching for an idol.

I'm like looking, you know, around
the plates and everything.

And something like, ah,
I ain't nothing here.

Then all of a sudden, on the corner
of my eye, I see this beautiful glow.

It's like, oh!

And the way it was positioned, it was hidden very,
very well because it was almost camouflaged.

Like, it was right next to me
for an hour and I never saw it.

I feel so good that this is lame.

I'm just like, taking it in.

This is amazing.

I've been looking for so long, I do my very best to be chill, become, but inside and I'm like, damn, this could shift the game.

Look at it.

Oh my God.

I can wait.

I don't like that.

Look at it.

Boom!

Hey, we did that.

Well done.

Look at that.

I'm curious what you and
Bridget talked about.

We talk out loud.

This is not, I'm not saying
that I'm going to do this.

Let's purely brainstorm.

Yes.

Purely brainstorm.

You would never think of actually
getting gave out, would you?

Are you debating?

I want to hear you, because the whole thing is that
this is in a line where we talk about this through.

Exactly.

I just know keeping the five strong
would be awesome, but we can't.

If we come back with five,
we are screwed.

Tiyana mentioned, you know, going after Gabe is
an option and it's something we should debate.

And there is a fear that if we successfully vote out Rachel, five two cool strong, we get picked off one after one after one.

I think you're right in that
they're going to come after us.

No, we're five.

Here's the thing, I think they will go
after us, but they're not going after us.

They're going to go after Kyle if
he doesn't get the necklace.

And if he does go necklace,
it's Gabe.

Here's another thought.

I personally think Rachel is the most
dangerous player in this game.

And I actually think it's much easier for us to get numbers with girls with Rachel out, because Rachel is the one who's connecting everyone.

Rachel is the best I've
seen in a long time.

I personally think Rachel is
the glue of the Gata Tribe.

And if we get rid of her, a lot of
options open up for Tiyana and I.

Once Rachel's gone, it's easier
for us to be in the mix.

If it was anyone but Rachel,
I'd be down.

I agree with you.

It's so for Rachel, man.

I like her too.

If that's the issue, guess what? Out of all
of them, I like her the best.

I do like her the best, even
if she's that good.

Caroline does bite just a little bit,
but she does have some reservations.

And since Caroline is not on board, it really is disappointing because I wish, wish, wish that there was a way to get Gabe out of the game.

I think tonight can be
one of two things, right?

We can go two-speed strong, five feet, but like
what problems does that create when we get back?

Yeah, definitely.

And I think it creates a lot of big
problems on the back, coming from four.

We can get somebody we've been wanting
to get out for a bit now out of the game.

Everybody on two-field seems to be on
the same page. It's Rachel tonight.

The dilemma is how can we get her to
not play her shot in the dark?

Because if she plays her shot in the dark and
it hits, then we gotta cannibalize each other.

And we don't want to do that.

Me and Caroline have been looking at her.

And when is the right time
to get Caroline out?

We can go back and we don't have this too-cool
majority target on our back anymore.

Right.

And that's the thing that I'm most scared of.
You know, I'm no dummy.

If we were to take all five of us back, I'm not the
last person on the list that we're going to get out.

I'm going to be high on that list.

Gabe's plan, because he is also so adamant
that if they go back as a strong five,

that he'll be next or he'll be the
one after next, he wants Caroline out.

I want to believe it, but all the BS that
I've bought along the way in this game,

it's felt so good. It's felt so right.
In that moment, it made sense.

And yet, it was all fake.

And then nothing else. You, me, Kyle
could throw a three on Caroline.

And on our worst case scenario,
we're going to a tie.

But then what happens?

I mean, I would go to rocks over that.

Because, well, I mean, what am I
supposed to do at that point?

Because then it's like, hey, Caroline,
like I put your name down.

And then, oh, okay, hey, I'm sorry.
Like, I'll backtrack.

And, you know, like, okay,
let's just do Ray Jack.

Oh, my God, Gabe.

I mean, you're giving me so much hope here.

It's like the best thing I could have ever hoped for,
and it sounds so implausible at the same time.

Either Tuku is completely playing me, or maybe
I have some kind of hope in this game.

And I'm still figuring out which one it is.

So, thank you.

Yeah, of course.

Of course.

Oh, my God.

This is by far the most precarious place I've been in
this game, because at least in the other situations,



I wasn't actually the person on the chopping block.

If I screw up tonight, I
will not be on the jury.

I will not be in this game anymore.

And I... that's terrifying.

No foul ba*ls over here.

I found my first advantage in this game.

I was cool, calm, and I found it.

And so, I'm pretty sure
no one else saw it.

In fact, I know nobody else saw it,
otherwise they would have set something.

So now, I'm going to have to put on my
Oscar-winning performance and go off all by myself.

Because in this game, secrets
are very, very rare.

But for me, I'm keeping it to myself.

So right now, no one else knows in this
game what I'm about to pull.

Come on, come on.

What is it? What is it? What is it?

Come on.

That was me.

Congratulations.

You have power in the game and a chance
to impact tonight's Tribal Council.

But it comes with a catch.

You must send this, take your pick
advantage to someone on the losing team,

and they must use it at
tonight's Tribal Council.

The recipient can choose
between two advantages.

Block a vote, or safety without power.

I got a lot of power right now.

I finally get to use an advantage in this
game and change the outcome of some things.

Oh my God, that's going to be so easy.

What this advantage does is it gives someone the opportunity to block a vote,

which is simply if someone writes a vote, you can say, no, that's not going to count,

or they can have safety without power.

So in the middle of Tribal Council, they can literally just leave Tribal Council

and go back to camp and they're safe.

I got to take about this. It's a good day, baby.

Oh, I just want to go to Tribal.

Oh my God, it's close to sundown.

I need to be relieving soon.

I want to go to Tribal right now.

Like, right now, I can't.

Like, my entire body is just...

I just want to get it over with.

This is a big decision, and I'm not sure
what I'm going to do yet.

I could give it to Rachel, but I'm not sure
if that's actually good for my game.

And if I don't give it to Rachel, then I can build
incredible bonds with someone on the Tuku Tribe

and have another option to get to the end.

Ultimately, what it's going to come down
to is what's going to help my game.

I want to help somebody else, but this
decision is based on what's best for me.

My heart is beating very, very fast,
and I just can't wait to get it going.

It should be an incredible, exciting
Tribal Council tonight.

Now bring in the other six.

Hoorah! So, last Tribal Council,
we had everybody. 13 people.

Now we're back down to small numbers.

Six people chosen randomly, and we had the most
lopsided draw we could have with five Tuku.

The most people left in the game from one tribe, and Rachel.

On top of it, you have to make this decision
in front of six people who can just watch

because they're not in trouble. They
don't vote, but man, they can observe.

Alright, so let's look at the obvious. If there
was no emotion or gameplay and it was just numbers,

this would be easy. Take out Rachel.

But anytime you hear the word easy on Survivor, you should be terrified because Survivor's never easy.

Caroline, five Tuku, maybe this
is a time to make a move.

Maybe you don't want to be part of all five Tuku.

Here's an opportunity because
you have Rachel as a vote.

Oh, I can guarantee you that was
running through people's minds.

You have to realize numbers are numbers and it's going to look threatening, but it sucks because I see pros and cons both ways.

And it's hard to figure out which one
is going to hurt my game less.

Gabe, one of the premises of Survivor's
numbers has got to have the numbers,

but if you have too many numbers, then you've got to get rid of some of the numbers because too many looks threatening.

I look around and I see the five people
that I've been with for 13 days so far,

and I know on the surface it looks simple, but any of those five people might say tonight's a hell of a night to make one of those moves.

So Rachel, the minute the challenge ended and you had lost and you knew you were coming here, you could not have predicted to hear,

oh, Rachel's not a for sure.

There are opportunities all over the place.

I mean, yeah, this rock draw, nobody can deny
that this is like the worst case scenario.

But I don't know if Gabe is blowing
smoke out my a*s right now.

If you're actually a type 5 and you're trying to stay together, the plan would be to convince me that you have cracks and to get me not to play my s

So it's scary.

It's not been an easy day for me.

Kia, once again you have individual immunity.

And it does give you just a little bit of breath that
you can stand back and say, I'm noticing some things.

What did you see?

Yeah, so Rachel did a good job today.

I mean, she took time to pull everybody aside.
She talked to in groups.

She went on solo adventures with people.

She did her job trying to find cracks and may
have found some and she did her little wiggle.

Tiana, I find it fascinating that you have five Tuku members all maybe independently thinking, how could I use Rachel?

You really just put our pickle on blast, Jeff.

That's exactly what I've been thinking all day long
because this is a very important vote.

Like being able to make the jury for me personally,
it just means the absolute world.

And I know it means the world to everybody here.

So I got to go with my gut and honestly with the vote tonight, I'm just hoping that I send a message to the people that I really trust that I can be

Caroline, tell me more about the importance of making the jury.



I think the universal feeling that I want to say almost every single survivor player has who actually cares about the game, you want to have an impact

It's not that we're sitting here dreaming of being on the jury, but we're dreaming of having an absolute tangible, irrefutable piece of evidence th

Alright, so Rachel, for you this afternoon, the subject line is easy.

Vote, vote, vote, I'm a vote.

But you're not just a vote.

You want this vote to have some impact tomorrow.

Well, I think sometimes in survivor you can plan three steps ahead and sometimes you just have to get through the night.

And today was one of those days where I just had to get through the night.

And so today was anybody else that I can possibly like hope that these people want to vote out. That isn't me.

When you went from person to person, was your hope meter undulating?

Oh, it undulated.

There was some chaos, there was some paranoia, there were stories that were not cross-checking and this has been the hardest day of survivor for me.

So soon, given where we are in the game and all the uncertainty, maybe the 5-2 group or tonight take out Rachel.

That's the easy move and we all make the jury and we'll figure it out.

Yeah, that is the easiest move and it's almost like the most obvious move.

But you know, I learned real quick, this game basically changes almost on the hour.

You can't predict anything, you can say, okay, I'm set in stone this way.

Next thing you know, you're totally flip-flopped.

So it's just like my head is spinning. It's really, really, this is very difficult for me tonight.

Tiana, part of playing survivor is making a move.

But also, maybe to not make a move.

Is that part of the discussion that Tuku was having? We could just vote out Rachel.

Oh, absolutely, that was always an option. I mean, just look at 5 versus 1.

It kind of seems like the obvious option, but you want to make big moves because if I just go for it and I swing for the fences

and it doesn't work out, at least I know I went for it.

What happens if tomorrow I didn't take that chance and I go home with regrets?

That is like my biggest nightmare from this entire experience is going home with any regrets.

This is your shot. This is your opportunity. You got to go for it or you're going to miss it.

Caroline, the risk is the Tuku 5 blow it tonight. You had 5. This was easy.

And you make a move and it was a little too soon.

I think you're hitting the nail on the head.

In the new area, there's such an emphasis on big moves and granted big moves when you need the game.

But it's big smart moves. There's this very big distinction between a big move that changes things in a way that's not good for you,

in a way that blows up your game. And that's what I'm playing my game on, is what are the smart moves that I can make.

Sometimes they're not always flashy, but I'm making the moves that are best for my game and for my alliance.

So Rachel, it all centers around you. The Tuku 5 are in charge. The question is, can you find a way to get at least one or two of them to come with yo

What's the feeling? Is it optimistic, pessimistic, or hopeful?

You know, I'm still anxious, but anxiously hopeful. I think that I know what the plan is tonight and I think that I'm a part of that plan.

And I have given my word that I'm going to do something and I intend to do it. And I just really hope that no one's given me a sh*t down.

Game, concerning it all that Rachel's saying, hey man, I was told there's a plan and I'm a part of it and if it works, I'm going to be here tonigh

Well, I mean, it's concerning if you don't know what that plan is. And depending on what perspective you look at it on,

Rachel could be totally helpless drowning in the water, hoping somebody grabs her hand. But if she can sow enough discord between all of us, all of a

And that's a pretty crazy thing to think about when you really dig deep into it.

Because we get ready for the vote. It seems like it is a very simple question. Will the Tuku 5 stick together? Or are the Tuku 5 going to turn on each

All right. It is. Time to vote, Sue.

Jeff.

About 20 minutes. I mean 20 minutes before we left for tribal. I found a scroll in my bag. And when I ran into the woods to read it, I discovered that

Only good for tonight.

Rachel, read your advantage for me.

Sorry, my hands are shaking.

Who sent your hand?

When Jeff says it's time to vote, announce that you have the safety without power advantage.

You will leave tribal council immediately. You will not cast a vote, but more importantly, you cannot be voted out.

So I hope that you all understand. My husband gave me a couple words of wisdom before I came out here. And one of them was, do not go home with someth

So, assuming I was getting straight tonight, this is a lifeline. And thank you to whoever sent it.

Who gave you that?

All right. So, Rachel's playing the safety without power. Rachel, you can grab your torch, head back to camp.

Hold on tight.

Well that answers that question.

About the two KU-5, you will be turning on each other.

Oh my God.

So?

Now what?

Clearly this was a shock.

Yes, a little bit.

We're going to vote tonight.

It is going to be a Tuku member, and it's going to happen soon, so...

Gabe, where are we?

I mean, you know, the game has changed.

It is like that.

Because without saying, the game has certainly changed.

There were many times where we had to be prepared to go to tribal as a Tuku-5 before the merch.

People kind of got a wind of clock back in their head a little bit and think about if we lost immunity with five people, what were we going to do agai

And so I think that's kind of where a lot of people's heads are at.

Kyle, this is fascinating.

I mean, what Gabe just said, it's as if we did a time w*r.

We're back to the Tuku tribe.

So where's your heart right now?

It's pounding through the back of my body.

I don't really know.

I mean, yes, of course. I'm safe, so great.

But this vote, whatever happens right now, is going to propel into the future.

It's going to have repercussions, right?

And that could break my game apart, like, quick.

Tiana, you are looking up to the sky.

You're looking for answers from somewhere.

What is the game now?

Um...

Damn, this is not going to lie to you.

Spending 13 days with people is not something that I take for granted.

And it just is like, I don't know, my anxiety is like really through the roof and it's hard to think and process words.

And I even just told you that the jury means everything.

Like, getting there means everything. So...

I don't know. It's going to suck.

Is the emotion more that you're worried you will be voted out tonight or is the emotion that you're not sure what to do because this wasn't the pla

Both.

Like, it's very, very possible that it could be me.

And that would just, like, dab a stavee and that would be horrible.

And...

Damn, but at the same time, I have a pin in my stomach that I got to send somebody home that I know really, really wants to be here.

So it's almost like I'm crying for both myself and others.

And I've never done this before. I've never cried for myself and others.

It doesn't even make sense because it's literally the exact same situation.

I got to say from here it makes total sense.

You're terrified it could be you. And if it's not you, you're horrified by the thought that you have to do it to somebody else.

My family's going to k*ll me that I'm crying.

Damn, awesome. While I'm crying, everyone's talking to me. Cool.

I'm just going to get them out.

It was like, time for frigging debates to happen over here.

Just be back up a little.

You're going to get your line to stop breaking about what?

One hundred.

You're just over.

Okay.

Usually, we need to see a Caroline thing.

Okay.

Okay.

You're a man, so you're not making no matter what.

What in the world has it happened?

I'm not worried that game is like acting instead.

I'm not worried that game is like acting instead.

I'm not worried that game is like acting instead.

Okay.

Okay.

Soon.

I wouldn't ever.

I can't get caught.

It's all I'm thinking.

I'm so glad it's not us.

It's not us.

Just be aware of that.

Gotcha.

Ryan, lead anonymous.

He has been completely honest in her story.

All these checks out every single time.

I feel like game is a bigger hit.

Oh, God.

She looks driving.

She didn't.

She looks very big.

So Caroline, what's in your head right now?

Not even knowing how to answer your question.

My brain is not equipped to handle this at this moment.

It's not.

So it's just overwhelmed right now.

Yeah.

How about you, Gabe?

We all have relationships.

Survivor is a game of relationships.

And you got to trust them.

So tonight, I'm trusting my relationships.

And we'll see if that trust pays off in a few minutes, I'm sure.

All right.

It is time to vote too.

You're up.

Good job, whoever did.

I'm sorry.

It's too.

That is between.

It's not okay.

Three more minutes left,

three more minutes left.

Are you not able to call it?

If anybody has an advantage or an idling, you want to play it, now would be the time to do so.

Okay, I'll read the votes.

I was on the door for a while.

First vote.

Gabe.

Tiana, one vote gave, one vote Tiana.

Tiana, that's two votes Tiana, one vote gave.

Seventh person voted out of survivor 47.

Tiana, that's three, that's enough.

Need to bring me to the torch.

Oh.

Oh, I never hate that.

Tiana, the trouble's broken.

Time for you to go.

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

Tiana.

No.

No.

Robert George has had back to camp.

Good night.

The

first vote.

It's the survivor.

I see that word, and my heart explodes.

Next time on survivor.

It's not out to you.

w*r is absolutely coming.

We're at Lanny Eaters, ready to brawl in an arena.

I'm looking to change my feet.

Yeah.

They're not going to see me coming.

I thought I could trust the people that were in my alliance,

and I got bamboozled to come this far,

and to literally be one vote away from making the jury.

I'm beyond devastated right now.

I think I played a genuinely honest game,

and it was true to myself,

and I don't regret the way I played the game.

I just regret who I trusted.
